Welcome back in this section of the course we're going to talk about accepting straight payments with
a flask application stripe is a company that allows you to easily integrate their API to web applications
to accept payments.
Basically all you have to do is add in a few lines of code after you've already registered for your
own API.
Q A stripe and connected your bank account in order to accept payments from other users who visit your
web application and then you can decide what to do with those users after they've given you a payment.
For example you may decide to ship them some product that you're selling or give them access to a particular
web page.
Upon payment you should also note that if you're starting from zero and trying to build out your own
online store there's actually already many platforms that provide the ability to quickly create an online
store.
For example one of the more popular ones is called Shopify.
I would highly suggest you try to check out preexisting solutions before starting from zero and building
out your entire flask application for something like an online store which is a really common problem
that a lot of people have already solved through a third party service.
You should really be using Strype when you're trying to create an application where your actual deliverable
in exchange for money is to customize for existing services.
For example maybe you're trying to accept donations for your particular cause.
In that case you could use many other services.
There's things like Kickstarter in the gogo or just other platforms for accepting donations.
But if you want to create your own particular flask application web site and you still want to accept
money Strype might be the solution for you.
All I'm trying to say is these sort of tasks are complicated enough that a lot of people have already
given out third party solutions for them including Strype.
So sometimes the best course of action is not actually programming yourself.
However if you've come to the conclusion that yes I do need to program the ability to set payments on
my own web site myself Strype is a really nice solution because of just a few lines of code.
You can accept credit cards and debit cards from users all over the world and Strype basically handles
everything for you.
It's handles grabbing money from their bank account and then sending it over to yours on the Bakken
with Strype OK.
Now on top of that Strype is really easy to use and has really great documentation.
So we're going to be doing and this section is walking through creating a very basic donation Web site
that basically just accepts payments with a flask application using streite I think you'll see just
how easy it is to accept money of Strype and we'll be using some fake API keys that Strype puts out
publicly to kind of mimic the idea of the transaction.
If you actually want to accept real money you would need to create a straight account.
Keep in mind Strype those charge a percentage which I believe right now is 3 percent plus about 3 cents
per transaction.
I would recommend that you check out their web site for the latest documentation on what their current
fee is.
But it should be around 3 percent.
OK let's get started in the next lecture will actually begin building out this donation application.